I've been doing the same thing because
I'll open the lip history and then I'll
start looking at at revenue and then I'll
come here and I'll go straight to cost.
And I'm like, why is this?
I'm looking at the wrong one and I'll
flip to the cost one and I'll come back
in here,
not the PM cost and I and I start looking
at revenue.
And I've been doing that well for three
or four days. Mm-hmm. So, yeah,
engineer's contract, we're good. OK. OK.
Um, earned revenue.
We should. Yep, 96330. Wait,
there should be an override, right?
This could. No,
this should be it this one because this
is the calculated and this is after.
If they make any bonus adjustment,
that one is 96373.
Keep going. What else is there?
What about the rejected prophet?
Does that tie?
12/11.
25 OK And then how about job to date
profit? That'll be overweighs 9,000,058.
Yep, 793. Yeah, sweet. OK cost.
Yep.
87.
No, that one is still off. I thought, oh,
I was on the wrong tab,
so I thought the earned was gonna tie now,
but no, it's still a little off. OK,
cost 23558089, no 87.
Or 15 year to date. You want John to date.
873515987279 for job to date job costs.
Yeah, 87 million 315159 close.
It's off by third 45,000.
September, right? Mhm.
Let me run that Vista report the one
that's the JC. Mm-hmm.
Mm.
So we'll look and see if the year to date
is fine or could be year to date
something.
That's your number, right? Yeah.
So you're getting 8731515922. OK,
let's look at the year to date and see.
Yeah.
Current year,
I show 2353350 it's in the year today
cause it's the same 558 part of it. OK,
that's only 20 some thousand 25,000.
Can you go back to that report for me,
Nicole?
Thank you.
Show me the whip again.
That number is coming.
OK.
And that could be what's causing the
revenue to be off, right,
depending on how that the profits,
because that's, yeah,
that's exactly what that is.
And I imagine that what it is too is it
may be applying.
Because I have to apply a start date to
get the batch month, right? Mm-hmm.
And then I have to do,
I have to get job cost all the way
through the ending date.
But the ending date sometimes gets a
little finicky on job cost inside of like
whenever it starts pulling through lots
of records, which that job.
Detail table has lots of records. Mm-hmm.
And so it may just be a like we're
hitting a limitation of the type of
integer that I'm using on this on the on
the code side.
So I just might need to change that from
like.
A regular integer to a long integer and
that way we'll be able to fit more data
in.
So would it help or could it help as
opposed to this having to be a date,
it'd just be the month? No,
you need to do a date. OK, yeah.
Yeah,
if it if it could just be a month in.
Yeah, yeah. No,
it's it's because it's all inconsistent
across viewpoint too. Got it? OK, yeah.
I have a circular reference on 1158.
The job cost is right though,
but 56961 is right.
I don't recognizing any profit, no.
You know,
because the expected profit is 0.
Let me look at the go to the job today.
Um, cost.
Hmm. 1108 is off.
What is it? Oh, you know,
add those two together,
sum those up and let's see 89805478. Cool.
That's close. This was 89805618, huh?
So that one's off 118.
150.
864461 does work OK to 60.
They're also a little bit.
So instead of 8406446, it's 8406761.
That's for 511744. Yeah, this one's off.
Oh, this one's off more. Oh, wait,
is that another one you have to add up
now? Amium. Yeah,
there should be an amium overhead.
close 495687.
So I wonder if some of it is a is where
where I'm on some of it it's rounding as
it gets values out.
I think that that could be doing some of
that, but not that much.
That'd be a hell of a round. Yeah,
unless it was rounding at the face code
total, like each face.
I don't know how it pulls it,
but why would it be rounding though?
Because this is an actual fixed cost.
It's the code.
It's the code that's that's rounded.
There's some areas that it rounded,
some areas that it can be precise,
and then it depends on if we're able to
match the precision of what viewpoint is.
We run into this in PNP all the time.
So that's why that's why that's where my
mind went. Kind of first. OK,
so still got work to do.
We're close on some.
But still off regardless.
What's your like open?
Open jobs profit date. Oh,
there's something wrong in the sums too.
Well,
I think that that's gonna be like we're
hitting this, this one down here. Oh,
the circular reference.
And then it just and it starts got it
going down the list and yeah.
OK,
what about can we validate closed shots
of the bonus profit?
Let's look at cost first,
'cause that's not gonna tie if the cost
is.
Blue.
Last one closed. Oh gosh,
what are you showing? 18,000,
509 What are you showing for profit?
Expected profit or what? Uh, recognized?
Well, it's the same. They're closed,
right? Yeah, yeah, that's true. 83479.
It looked they're less jobs,
so it looks like the filtering's better.
Mm-hmm.
We did have a question on one job in
Division 54 and it's.
549416 has a start date in JC contracts
of 1/20/26 but it was on your December
web.
So how how do we account for the start
date?
The start date for the WIP purposes.
The start date means something.
It's whenever cost for it's hit.
So they may have had before the actual
work started some PM time or estimator
time that they charge to the job. Got it.
Good. That comes from their.
That start date comes from their job
setup sheet,
which is like their estimated start date.
But they must have.
They charged costs before that happened
or the job started early. They didn't.
And then we maybe we maybe, yeah, OK,
that's what I was wondering because that
that's one job that was showing that was
showing up in your web.
In your web history, but it wasn't.
I wasn't getting it to pool with with the
date schedule. Mm-hmm. Got it. That's why.
That's why it got a little funny there.
There's a lot of layers to it. Yeah. OK,
well, that's. Um.
1,000,001.
7 is that for the whole company 'cause it
says company 15,
it's for that company and that division.
Oh, that's not summing down either,
'cause that's gotta be a negative.
Yeah, you're right. Mm-hmm.
That's why I was like, oh,
maybe it's the whole thing,
but then I went down to the bottom and
it's for something.
Click on it 'cause it was the existing
formula that they had before.
See, it's going to 242, right?
BO to BM 42.
It is also falling out.
Well.
Like to the Z the the Z columns outside.
Yeah, out here.
And then it starts looking for where we
have, um, so it's looking at the contract.
It's not looking at where it's
categorized here,
it's looking what the contract status is
and then coming out here.
Sorry.
'Cause it's looking for the standards.
Yeah, yeah.
So if it's either that or it's going out
to Z, what is Z? This one is Z.
So it's summing it,
but only it's not looking at just summing
what's here,
it's summing based off of the contract
status that's out here.
And I didn't touch any of the actual
formulas of Excel.
Everything I have touched has been code.
Sorry, I'm trying to find B&B.
We're almost there. Oh, nothing.
There's nothing. Oh, it's this like one.
It's looking for these flags and it's
only getting the ones that are in flag
too, which I think is contract,
which is like so close. Yeah, got it.
So and that and I'll double check.
That we didn't check,
that we didn't touch any of the formulas,
but fairly certain 'cause we didn't touch
formulas. Mm-hmm.
That was that was expressed upon me that
we need to keep the formulas as is.
Oh.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah.
OK, that makes sense. Mm-hmm.
Well, let me,
let me go back and keep working on it.
This will be, like I said,
this will be quick, quick meeting.
So yeah, yeah, I just wanted to see, see,
see how close we are.
Do we wanna get built today since we're
here and looking at it,
'cause that's another like.
Plug.
They should come straight from Vista.
Are you just looking at 51? Yep,
and I'm looking at Indian sounds.
Oh, momento workout.
96,918,207 I got 102. Well,
where did you get that? 96918? Yeah,
that's high to the Vista.
You tried to Vista. You're looking at it.
Yeah, 218206.
I wonder if it's not cutting it off.
Yeah, you can run it again. We see, like,
run it, open up. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Same thing with the cost.
Did you say that? Oh,
is that the cost too?
That didn't sound familiar, though. No.
That helps.
OK. Anything else you want to share?
We can check whatever y'all would like to
check. We check to check the overrides.
Check job state on revenue cost profit
and the completion dates coming from
coming from the files we sent us and then
so we should be good.
Do you want to check?
I know this was one field sometime
earlier on that was tricky to change in
anticipated profit,
but that's not on the schedule.
Looking at, um, this one, the change.
I said that to profit.
That's right right here.
So the month over month,
the DGS provides that number or the
distribution jobs somewhere.
So change in the anticipated profit is
none. OK, but let's look at 50 at Amium.
They got 1.4 million. Nice.
And then the next change I see is the
Amium overhead job, which is -16,620,
yeah.
Uh, 1164 is 3873. Mm-hmm.
And then 1165 is 418057. Mm-hmm. OK,
that's good. Well,
I'm glad that some of the values are
right.
Profit earn recognized profit was good,
so we should be able to validate the Um
monthly change in profit, right?
So for EME um,
but I think I have to go to the other
report, right?
Um, the distribution job summary,
the one on the web schedule.
Mhm.
Oh.
When you show a loss of 2,191,
207 where for the monthly change in
profit.
For which job?
No.
Mhm.
We didn't change profit on that one.
That's the one that was 11250, right?
Not the anticipated,
the recognized profit though. Oh.
Should be the last call. Yeah, no, it's.
6.
I think I do forget. Are you on 2,000,075?
OK, no, it's not showing that.
It's showing 61,000. I was like, wait,
what am I looking at? Union Sands.
I know you have the change of profit 61,
000, OK, yeah,
but this is the anticipated or
something's.
But if the job today cost is off and it's
referencing bonus job to date.
But the profit tied and then none of them
is are cause that's a job to date change
in profit. Yeah,
but it's month over month.
I think that it, I know,
I think that it's going to like you're
saying it's going all the way up.
I think so too.
OK. Yes,
were we really recognizing the full 11.
2 million in the prior month? I doubt it.
I think something's wrong in the prior
profit number.
Thanks.
So it's going to open it once I close it.
I feel like we were recognizing that.
I think we took it backwards, right? No,
no, nothing to talk to.
It's not. Oh, I don't have a whip, but uh,
we're gonna open up the DJS, right? Yeah,
we'll say we don't have a whip for
November. Yeah, 'cause this number, Josh,
should be what this number was.
In the prior month, so November's,
so November's column Z, yeah,
should be that December's column EC,
but I I think that's the problem.
7.
And that would be an override.
It's whatever the overridden bonus job to
date profit was from the per month profit
to date.
It's not that either. It's 88.9. Oh,
that makes sense of your net change was
60 grand from 8.9 to 90. So I wonder,
is this total the anticipated 3614?
The anticipated profit,
the previous anticipated was 11,000,250.
Yeah,
I was just curious if this was this
column was bringing in the anticipated
instead of what the recognized was from
the pyramid since it was coincidentally
our our anticipated profit,
but I don't think so the total doesn't
tie.
Like if I look at it, EBMS 13.6.
Oh, it's called.
This is the current profit in November
was 11,000,250. It's pulled.
This column is pulling in the current
anticipated projected profit or the it's
the prior 3614814536148145.
So it's pulling.
Same. They're the same. Mm-hmm.
Does that make sense, Josh? Yeah.
So the prior month's projected profit is
the same number as the prior month's job
to date profit, which isn't true.
That's what the spreadsheet's doing.
But instead this job to date prior profit.
Should be the prior month's column Z as a
value.
Which is what they claimed.
Which for it for checking purposes it
when you run it again,
like if you redo your calculation,
that number should be 8,000,
009 ninety 7122 because that was the.
Premium. That was November's profit today.
Yeah, we're 51129, right? I'm getting.
Yeah. So it's that one.
Let me check. It's not a person.
I have their own. I can double check.
OK.
So that way you'll know when you get that
one that it's good. It's a thumbs up,
right? Well, I mean that'll, it'll help.
It'll help me find it.
So figure out how to find it at least.
I do think that that.
The the date stuff is kind of a little
tough to sometimes have to deal with and
because you know this and this stuff some
in some tables the date has a literal
full date time string to it.
Sometimes it has just a date for batch
month. All right, just a month.
Month and maybe a year and sometimes the
values just have like the four digit year,
2 digit month,
2 digit day and then whenever you're
having to pull those over into the into
the database to clean it,
it there's a chance that maybe my script
is stripping some of that value.
So I'll go back and give it a little more
care. So but this is good.
This do me a favor,
will you go back to the start tab for me
and just pretend that we did get good use
here? Will you check the box for?
Um, ready for OPS for me? Sure.
I'll make sure that that's working.
Perfect. So that, yeah,
if it wasn't working, um, you would hit,
you would see a pop up that comes up that
says, hey, you're not allowed to do this,
you're not Cindy or Nicole, so.
So that is working appropriately and then
can you go to the jobs gap tab for me and
then just try doing gap done on a couple
of these?
So I can make sure that's working.
OK, perfect. So that's working.
And then what that'll do too is it's
saving that whenever you click it. Mm-hmm.
Puts it right into the database and it
puts your name to it. Correct.
It's something that it didn't do before.
Mm-hmm.
And then if you make any adjustments in
the.
Um,
override revenue projection or the cost
projection.
It will take and update that comment and
it'll tell you what the last value was.
So obviously I had to load a bunch of
these values before. Mm-hmm.
From the spreadsheets that you gave me.
So right now it says.
Loaded by Pi or loaded by a Python squad.
But whenever we go live it should say
either the first time.
I think it'll say that it was loaded by
me and then once you guys finalize it and
it says.
Final accounting approval,
then that'll update to having your name
on it.
Unlike before,
it will likely never have any.
I don't know.
I I I thought you I I was well,
it don't have. Yeah, it don't have.
It don't have the appropriate.
So you're not doing the whole work,
you know, I thought that you were.
So you know, you're doing the whole thing.
Yeah. OK. So that's good.
And then do these values for gap override
projection and gap override, um,
the revenue projection?
Projection and the cost projection.
Do they look correct?
We can open it if we need to shut it.
Sorry, my bad. No, no, it's OK.
We you can't have two two things open
with the same name,
so we're gonna go back here.
Contract amount.
Right now,
so then I can get back to the phone,
so I'm gonna do that again.
Where to go? You want to go to go? Oh, oh,
he's loading Gap too. Yeah, you're right.
OK, OK. So same 511129. OK.
Contract amount. Let's let's look at cost.
It's not gonna be the same, right?
It's gonna be it should be off 'cause it
should be the same as bills. Yes,
87 adult. OK, contract amount G 126483581.
Projected profits 11.25.
Expect a change there.
Job to date profit I'm coming up with
8520902 close 8524386 is that bonus or is
that gap? We're gap.
Yeah,
I bet that's rounding because that's so
close.
It could be depending on this percent and
if it's cutting off in 2 digits versus.
Yeah, do you want me to kick it out to?
Do you guys have a threshold that you'd
usually kick out?
Can you actually override that right now
and put in 75.8 and see what happens? No.
I can't protecting 'cause um.
I bet it is. I can see.
Look at ours is like 2 ours is 75.8.
I bet it's only going to the one that's
more.
Goodness, it doesn't need to be,
but I mean,
we're in balance to reconcile with this.
Where is that at?
Where is that formula at? It's just, oh,
yeah.
Can you change something?
It looks like it goes out.
But I don't think ours is.
Can you go in though,
'cause this is going to just one,
ours is going to one.
I think it's gonna let me change.
It doesn't let you go to one more.
If you can you change it at the top? Yeah,
to one more like you were making it go
out. Yeah, well, yeah,
just go in one more. Yeah, the other way.
The other way.
I think this is just visibility.
Like it's not gonna change the the counts.
Someone say change it.
I make it around here,
but I can't do well.
OK.
Ask about John today at percent complete.
What's the B11 comma 4?
Is that that's the job description? Yeah,
it's the job description.
How the formula works, I don't know.
And so I basically it's looking for a is
this blank and if it's not then we're
going to in 11.
And then taking if N 11 is not zero,
we're dividing X11 by N 11.
So this whole left B11,
that's just to see if there's a job or
not.
It's just to see if if it's gonna put put
in that blank row. If it does,
then it's not gonna do anything.
It's just kinda like an if statement to
catch it.
Ahead of time.
Where does it say to what decimal point
to take it to?
I think that would be on the third sign,
yeah, but I can this goes out forever.
But if you guys are only going to 1 digit,
I could, yeah, I could try that.
I'll try and see if you have.
Is that we're really browning it in the
formula or are we just displaying 1 digit?
Yeah, we're it's the same.
It's an it's an if statement too,
so I don't.
So I don't think it's cutting it off,
so they should be the same.
OK.
But if cost is off,
profit's gonna be affected too. Yeah,
and cost is off 'cause GAP is just a
formula 'cause we don't override GAP
recognize profit.
So what I've got for seven tasks is to
one fix the job to date,
cost date cut off.
Costs are pulling beyond the batch month.
The second task is fix the bill to date
cut off. Again,
it's got to stop at the batch month end.
And then fix the circular reference on
55/11/58 completion date should come from.
So you said that completion date should
come from the WIP history files,
the ones that we provided,
yeah OK and not view.
Correct. Now,
I mean that's a bigger topic for it
should all be the same,
but I'm I'm OK with that.
I'm just making sure,
making sure I get it right.
So it's not getting updated and moved.
This is the start date and the end date
state, whatever it was given to us at.
Right. Well what? Yeah,
one that would explain why my my 549416
shows up good on on your web,
but I couldn't get it to come up based on
my date parameters and because it's got a
start date of 1/20/26.
So yeah,
I'll figure out a way to overcome that,
John. I think if you look at cost,
if you trigger it by any anytime cost
hits the job,
because they do a lot of preliminary like
design work,
so there'll be cost in that job,
but that job really.
Doesn't start per the contract until that
one one day. Yeah,
like if you're thinking of the layering
of how it pulls up,
cost is the first tier and then the
second tier is if there's no cost and it
has a start date prior to the month
running, show it up.
So that way it's on the backlog numbers.
OK,
so the next one I had was that column AC
should show the November web histories
prior month data.
So that basically AC should have for
December should have column C.
From November have that value, correct?
Mm-hmm. OK. And then job the date prior.
That's the same thing. Job today,
percent complete on jobs gap.
I'll have it format that to 1 decimal
place and see if it starts.
Rounding that up a little bit.
I don't think it will because of that
'cause we're displaying only one digit,
but the formula's not rounding it.
So I think even on our our web schedules,
Mm-hmm,
it's calculating it out to the umpteenth
digit.
Got it.
Then that's going to be probably the
whole getting too much cost to date and
that's pushing that date,
that percentage a little bit. Yeah, OK,
because we have 87 three and what's your
cost to date?
87 to Yep,
that's why we have more because we're
showing the more cost,
so cost to cost the percentage higher.
So once you fix that cost I bet.
Maybe fix a lot of things. Yeah,
that is gonna be the whole cascading.
Yeah, I think so. Again, yeah,
because some, some of them,
once you fix it,
you do get it seems you hope you get
appropriate values in the right, right.
So.
OK, all right.
I will take these action items and get to
Marshall. OK,
I appreciate y'all coming to test.
I will shoot you an e-mail whenever we're
ready for our next test,
hopefully in a day.
And hopefully by tomorrow we'll have a
have another appointments.
OK. I appreciate it. Thank you so much.
Thank you.